This is the void_analysis code, a collection of scripts and pipelines designed for computing anti-halo void catalogues from pairs of simulations, and analysing the output. In particular, it was used
in the construction of the void catalogue described in the paper Stopyra et al. (2024): https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/stae1251 (https://arxiv.org/abs/2311.12926).
	
The code is designed to compute an anti-halo void catalogue for the real Universe, using simulation initial conditions inferred with the BORG algorithm (Jasche & Lavaux (2019), https://arxiv.org/abs/1806.11117). Anti-halos are a definition of cosmological voids that places voids and halos on equal footing: instead of using the morphology of the cosmic web (as is done with void finders such as VIDE, (Sutter et al. 2015), in the anti-halo approach voids are modelled as clusters in an "anti-universe" reverse simulation, obtained from the original simulation by reversing the sign of the density contrast in the initial conditions. This transforms under-dense regions into over-dense regions and vice versa. After running the reversed initial conditions to redshift z = 0, a halo finder can be run to identify clusters, and the dark matter particles corresponding to a halo in the reverse simulation correspond to voids in the original, forward simulation. The method was first outlined by Pontzen et al. (2016) (https://arxiv.org/abs/1511.04090).
	
Documentation for the code is provided in the documentation subfolder, which includes links to the catalogue, simulation data hosted on the Aquila Cloud, and other relevant publications.

The package can be installed by cloning into a directory on the python path. See the documentation for a full list of dependencies. An example usage of the code is provided in the script examples.py, which uses the test data in the test_snaps subfolder. These are lightweight simulation snapshots and not indended to produce a realistic catalogue (doing the latter requires the full simulation data, which represents hundreds of gigabytes).
